Implement `cuda::mr::managed_memory_resource` (#1579)
NVIDIA/cccl: libcudacxx/docs/extended_api/memory_resource/properties.md

void function_that_dispatches_to_device(MemoryResource& resource);
```

For now, libcu++ provides various commonly used properties:

* `cuda::mr::device_accessible` and `cuda::mr::host_accessible` indicate whether memory allocated using a memory resource is accessible from host or device respectively.
* `cuda::mr::managed_memory` indicates that the memory resource allocates CUDA unified memory which is both host and device accessible

> More properties may be added as the library and the hardware capabilities evolve. However, a user library is free to define as many properties as needed to fully cover its API surface.

Reviewer: Suggestion: simplify, so you don't imply libraries typically need a plethora of properties.

```suggestion
More properties may be added as the library and the hardware capabilities evolve. However, a user library is free to define custom properties.
```
